okay all right got what I think is going
to be a very productive streaming day
lots of exciting stuff happening I think
it's gonna be a lot of free to pee
hey Harley
we have a dog in the mix
okay so I'm gonna switch the display
but but the problem is this thing is
like super laggy like they're frustrated
like 10 but
I think it's okay
let's close all this stuff
okay
foreign
contribute
I think that would be cool
hello
well what I would want to do is uh
right see that's what classifying them
as individual earthquakes is not
necessarily the most productive because
it was really a series of earthquakes
that uh
or I mean like
these plates moving around guys hit the
gym today finally we're back in it
this stream's gonna be huge today
the delay is
it actually moves faster
it actually moves faster on
the OBS window than it does
that's really funny
this this place
I think I'm gonna just disconnect this
maybe
that could be good
all right I'm gonna do that it's
annoying to do this otherwise
nice
Shake map that's [__] cool
tools for scalable non-intrusive oh
where does this one go
hmm interesting
I'm streaming by the way
foreign
laughs
come here
I imagine that the geophysical modeling
is quite similar to the space weather
modeling
no but I don't care about the
effect on structures as much as just
knowing when plates are going to have
dying let's just use this dynamics of
tectonic plates
foreign
it seems like a very worthy area of
plate subduction
let's go pictures
right I've seen this picture before
could be dude obviously it is
I mean supposedly
this package
geophysical fluid dynamics
let's look at the Docks
geophysical fluid dynamics let's just
see this is their
term
lava oceans
atmospheres
okay
oh wow interesting
hmm
I imagine if you
foreign
this is cool
flood
interesting
landslide
extreme temperature I mean so where's
the source of this data
it's a cool website
what is epidemiology
the epidemiology of disasters what does
that even mean
I don't know what that picture even
means what does this even mean
wow this is really scary actually
do they have each year
they have it by year
all disasters oh interesting
yeah can I just download it
let's see
I feel like this is not gonna be cool
actually
but everyone put it in the tough thing
robot dude I don't give a [__]
yes
cringe
so they do have every year why aren't
they giving me that
let me just download the whole data
but it is
whatever all right so damn I didn't know
that I was on the wrong sorry guys
looking at this stuff
glad I checked after a million years
okay
we're looking at the cost of natural
disasters
and as you can see
okay hold on let's see if we can just
download their data
database
all right
gotta turn this off while I register for
an account because I don't have a
problem
mm-hmm
[Music]
cool okay
so it should just be able to access the
data now
oh
please limit your request to your actual
needs
I need all of it
an Excel file guys really
cringe 25 000 rows cringe
technological disasters that's an
interesting subject Transport oh
this is kind of cool
dude numbers is so trash okay
why do people do this
stupid [__]
okay
disaster ID okay so they
okay fine
okay so we can do this
all right so
let's open up a trust the best God
thank you
uh
uh we're just gonna call it disasters
[Music]
okay now what we need to do is uh
I think because it was I don't I don't
know
numbers is actually like incredibly slow
it's kind of ridiculous
like really why is this taking so long
it's a five megabyte file and it's
taking like a minute to open this thing
all right so let's just
delete rows
now we do tsv
export to CSV
next
[Music]
I just want to look at the data
in my own way oh wait let's get plots in
here
lark
I don't want stats but I'll put
statistics in there
probably want to tally says that space
let's do this prematurely
so cringe but whatever
let's see how long this this thing takes
that's weird
register your problems
huh
Dude Where's the Michael
what the [__] is going up
foreign
oh
we check my potatoes remember
okay I'm back
I'm still pretty compelling plots so
ridiculous
what's up
all right
all right this should just work
dude plus pre-compile time is actually
ridiculous
foreign
do I need to update I probably need to
just update
uh
I thought did I
oh yeah okay
um
pre-composition so [__] I probably
need new nightlife
foreign
I don't know if that's gonna fix
anything it could just break it worse
hmm
five Megs a second so eight Megs a
second ten Megs a second we're getting
there there we go
all right
Jesus Christ
that is ridiculous
um
um sure
actually this might just work
let's see
oh nice cool
uh
all right I'm fine with that
hopefully this gets rid of this stupid
chain rules thing I I'm not confident
that it will but
you know
um
wow
crazy
and see how long my uh
if you want something done right you got
to do it yourself I guess
this is such a Chris Elrod read me
it's just a bunch of [__] benchmarks
that's good I love that
you can sail you can tell a lot about
someone by the way they write it read me
good [__]
we're done for sure right yeah okay
this is a joke I'm pissed
foreign
that's such an hell dude
all right hold on I have a chance to use
my package graph
I think this should be up to date
cool
um
I always forget the stupid internals
nonsense
foreign
thanks Julia okay
um
I think I just didn't need the name
function
let's just do this
what are the dependents the dependencies
are heavy on that it's just a little bit
annoying
okay fine
that's just not true
wait did I admit did I do the init thing
though
uh
oh yeah okay here we go
I don't buy it
foreign
but if he calls pairs then I can do
wait this just implicitly
what
this is insanity
this is actually insanity
oh I can actually improve
this
okay well whatever
um
uh is it not
there's no way it's not registered it's
got to be registered
please
oh that's actually what I should do
that'd be cool
foreign
what
what do you mean oh right now
no you can talk the stairs
foreign
this
is
let me just try restarting
see if that does anything
I used to have a sneaking suspicion that
nothing was going to change
oh no yeah that's such an l
foreign
ER it looks like
well I'm gonna submit it here but
something happened here
oh yeah it's failing on nightly
[__] nice it's gonna say slot not to
find a guarantee it
no it actually just crashes
core nuts
that's really [__] annoying
um
I don't know let's just continue
oh wait no no nothing works good I'm so
glad that
and 1.9 has a
[__] GC problem can't use this [__]
at all come on
give me a goddamn break
uh
if
oh God wait this is gonna be it's gonna
seriously pre-compile on my
no it feels way too slow
foreign
give me some [__]
let's just pray that uh vs code server
actually break up this is what happens
when you write code
is nothing works ever
but when it does it's like crap cooking
why is plot util is getting pre-compiled
oh yes
oh wait but this I gotta keep it quiet I
guess
I don't want to I don't want to get a
you can't listen to music on the stream
it's like so crazy
stupid copyright law
can't do anything
okay
let's see
um
[Music]
oh really they have an r package yeah we
definitely need a
language bindings do they have a Swagger
where can we uh
can we get a Swagger for this thing
nice
pre-compiled time zone 1.9 are actually
so bad
I think it's because of the GC but like
it just makes Julia not not you can't
really use Julia
and we'll play tennis broken
I don't know they have nightlys going
back
and I found the history of night lace to
bisect it
I'm gonna ask
my Slack
um
foreign
maybe we do it's possible
uh I don't think we do
okay well at least we can
um
I'm pretty sure that I can uh
I can do this
nice
foreign
did find on Dick makes no sense that's
literally so absurd
okay so they have
interesting they have wow okay can I do
a pie this pie a thing
why doesn't that work
let's see
oh my god dude
I love that there's no example
[__] break
okay that's fine we can do this
okay then we do unzip
I think that's what this works
nice wait what oh yeah no that's that's
fair
okay all right fine so now we have
understanding of our data but now what I
want to do is
look at the
look at names of DF
print
This Disaster number year sequence Glide
disaster group
foreign
that's better
a lot are missing yeah that makes sense
what's up
um
yeah I definitely do
oh really okay all right uh
uh all right I'm just gonna end it